Add changeset for removing the inbound and outbound queues on IDeltaManager (#23024)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/nice-flies-brake.md

> The inbound and outbound properties were deprecated in a previous release and have been removed from IDeltaManager. Please check pull request [#19636](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/pull/19636) for alternative APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inbound and outbound properties were [deprecated in version 2.0.0-rc.2.0.0](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/blob/main/RELEASE_NOTES/2.0.0-rc.2.0.0.md#container-definitions-deprecate-ideltamanagerinbound-and-ideltamanageroutbound) and have been removed from `IDeltaManager`.
```

> `IDeltaManager.inbound` was deprecated because it was not very useful to the customer and there are pieces of functionality that can break the core runtime if used improperly. For example, summarization and processing batches. Do not use the apis on this if possible. Data loss/corruption may occur in these scenarios in which `IDeltaManger.inbound.pause()` or `IDeltaManager.inbound.resume()` get called.
> 
> Deprecated `IDeltaManager.outbound` as it was not very useful to the customer and there are pieces of functionality that can break the core runtime if used improperly. For example, generation of batches and chunking. Op batching and chunking can be broken. Data loss/corruption may occur in these scenarios in which `IDeltaManger.inbound.pause()` or `IDeltaManager.inbound.resume()` get called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`IDeltaManager.inbound` contained functionality that could break core runtime features such as summarization and processing batches if used improperly. Data loss or corruption could occur when `IDeltaManger.inbound.pause()` or `IDeltaManager.inbound.resume()` were called.

Similarly, `IDeltaManager.outbound` contained functionality that could break core runtime features such as generation of batches and chunking. Data loss or corruption could occur when `IDeltaManger.inbound.pause()` or `IDeltaManager.inbound.resume()` were called.
```

> ### Alternatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Alternatives
```

The changeset "title" becomes H3, so this should be H4.
